feat: added withdrawal finalize step (#58)
zkSync-Community-Hub/community-code: content/tutorials/how-to-withdraw-eth/10.index.md

the tokens into your account.

This part is permissionless - so anyone can trigger it. In sepolia, this is done by the cronjob, that is run by the community, but on all the other chains
(mainnet, local networks), you have to trigger it yourself.

### withdraw-finalize.ts script

```typescript
import { Wallet, Provider } from "zksync-ethers";
import * as ethers from "ethers";

// load env file
import dotenv from "dotenv";
dotenv.config();

// HTTP RPC endpoints
const L1_RPC_ENDPOINT = process.env.L1_RPC_ENDPOINT || ""; // or an RPC endpoint from Infura/Chainstack/QuickNode/etc.
const L2_RPC_ENDPOINT = process.env.L2_RPC_ENDPOINT || "https://sepolia.era.zksync.dev"; // or the ZKsync Era mainnet

// Wallet
const WALLET_PRIV_KEY = process.env.WALLET_PRIV_KEY || "";

if (!WALLET_PRIV_KEY) {
  throw new Error("Wallet private key is not configured in env file");
}

if (!L1_RPC_ENDPOINT) {
  throw new Error("Missing L1 RPC endpoint. Check chainlist.org or an RPC node provider");
}

async function main() {
  // Please set your TX id, that you received from the withdraw.ts before.

>   const WITHDRAW_TX = ""

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  const WITHDRAW_TX = "<WITHDRAW_TRANSACTION>"
```

  console.log(`Finalizing withdrawal for ${WITHDRAW_TX}`);

  // Initialize the wallet.
  const l1provider = new ethers.Provider(L1_RPC_ENDPOINT);
  const l2provider = new Provider(L2_RPC_ENDPOINT);
  const wallet = new Wallet(WALLET_PRIV_KEY, l2provider, l1provider);

  const isFinalized = await wallet.isWithdrawalFinalized(WITHDRAW_TX);
  console.log("IS finalized ", isFinalized);

  if (isFinalized == true) {
    console.log("Your withdrawal is already finalized. Your tokens should be on L1");
    console.log(`L1 Balance is ${await wallet.getBalanceL1()}`);
    console.log(`L2 Balance is ${await wallet.getBalance()}`);

  } else {
    console.log(`L1 Balance before is  ${await wallet.getBalanceL1()}`);
    console.log("Finalizing withdrawal now");

    const result = await wallet.finalizeWithdrawal(WITHDRAW_TX);
    console.log("Waiting for tx :", result.hash);
    const receipt = await result.wait();

    console.log("Receipt status: ", receipt?.status)
    console.log(`L1 Balance after is  ${await wallet.getBalanceL1()}`);
  }

}

main()
  .then()
  .catch((error) => {
    console.error(error);
    process.exitCode = 1;
  });
```

### Run the Script

> Remember to put your transaction if from the previous step into the code and execute the script using the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Remember to set your withdrawal transaction from the previous step into the code at line 26 and execute the script using the following command:
```
